[Issue 88] Better documentation for the MSI credentials, and support for the IDENTITY_* environment variables (#97)
Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth: Changelog.md

# Changelog

## 3.0.5 - (unreleased)

> - Added support for passing a `clientId` property in the `MSIAppServiceOptions` parameter of the `MSIAppServiceTokenCredentials`, allowing user-assigned managed identities to be used to authenticate through Azure App Services.

Reviewer: This suggests that a user instantiate the `MSIAppServiceTokenCredentials` class, is that possible? I thought that they can only use the `loginWithAppServiceMSI()` method that took the `MSIAppServiceOptions` to give back the credential.

Author: Good point! Thank you!

> - Added support for passing a `clientId` property in the `MSIAppServiceOptions` parameter of the MSI based login method `loginWithAppServiceMSI()`, allowing user-assigned managed identities to be used to authenticate through Azure App Services and Azure Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for passing a `clientId` property in the `options` parameter of the MSI based login method `loginWithAppServiceMSI()`. This is required to allow user-assigned managed identities to be used to authenticate through Azure App Services and Azure Functions.
```

# Changelog

## 3.0.5 - (unreleased)

> - Added support for the `IDENTITY_ENDPOINT` and `IDENTITY_SECRET`.

Reviewer: Yes, but where... and how...
Consider mentioning the credentials or auth methods to which the support is added.

> - Added support for the `IDENTITY_ENDPOINT` and `IDENTITY_SECRET` when using the `MSIAppServiceTokenCredentials` credentials.

Reviewer: We should add an entry for clientId customization for the App Service creds
